Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi Sachin. So Dominic is in meeting. He's coming probably after the meeting. Sounds reasonable. Okay. And yeah. How are you doing Sergiy? Basically I'm fine. Just my voice. I already used to do filler like that. But it should get better. It should. After I will complete my sessions. That is good to hear. Can't wait for you to be here. I think it's next week. I have three more sessions and I guess a week after next week I will come. Hello. Forward to it. Hi. Hi Dominic. How are you feeling? Great. Especially next day. Yes. Even if you fault. Never mind. It was a little scratch. I don't give a. Stand up and drive again. I Christian you didn't know that Zaggy was a crazy head yesterday. Never, never was on a Segway before and after five minutes was like he was born on it. And even, even so crazy on it that the. The boss of the company comes out and say hey, don't so crazy if you do this twice times more you. You fall off this thing and get some injuries and say. He was like what is holding to me? I don't know. I didn't only understand English and this was quite a good face. And half hour later SEGA lands on the ground. But it was good. It was great. And Sergey, don't hurt anything. That's perfectly fine. Yeah, I'm absolutely fine. I just. The. The speed was quite low. Yeah. Then just. I just lose my control over the round. That's it. Yeah. Catch the rock. So no. No high impact trauma. No. But this is a quite new experience for me and I love it very much. Great. I can really imagine him driving this thing in the office, hunting Ellie up and down the hallway. We look forward how much is called cost. It's really quite expensive. 4 or 5k. Cheaper. Much more cheaper. But no, we were talking about using that and coming to the office and, and. And on the way you know you can show a middle finger to everyone and. And then if. And then we improvise the joke saying that if they show you a middle finger back we can show both once because it will go without holding. Make sure to only flip people off who are on bikes. So that lose no time. And Sachin, will you start? Absolutely. Thank you. Right, so my week I had quite a few things to basically do. First I'll start with Lichtblick. I wanted to define this revocation process and check for pending tasks because I came from vacation this week. As far as revocation process is concerned, it's not completely defined. It's basically 50% defined I'd say it's quite a complex process believe you me because there are quite a few systems that are involved in it Dynamics Power Cloud Sync and then Power Cloud Handler and then Event Handler and then again Dynamics so it'll take like probably next whole week for me to define the process and yeah apart from that other tasks were done and yeah by pin I had taken up like all the pending tasks to be to be to be done and that I was able to do all the PRs were completed comments were resolved and yeah it was good week for pen this plugin has not been through yet hence I could not customize the canvas app and the outer numbering plugin sorry out numbering flow that I wanted to shift from flow to plugin the definition is on the way so yeah that is all from my side why am I the best this week because came from vacation quite fresh yeah don't need many reasons. This. Week yeah so that will be all from my side I hand it over to Dominic thank you Satchin for this. Week I want document copack to install by IT net X I waiting a long time to he has improved the tickets and move forward to ready for dev so today was my first start to start with some complications so I will say I will continue this task in the next week then it net TNI we have a Tuesday meeting about the conditions because of the finite integration and the object storage there we moved a little step forward then the other things that have to be clear cleared that I need Martin Matthias Madder for it and he is on training this week so on Monday I will catch him and discuss this integration I'll be I I said three tickets I'm I am done with four tickets and also discussed with Sachin that you are back why the queues are configured as it is and yeah I'm smarter now thank you for that and PL200 I said I want to brain dump every day I only get three or five but the day is long enough to do the other twos after our meeting so then I get the 5 from 5 brain dumps why I'm the best this week yeah I have a good bicycle tour yesterday was really fun and also I do my brain dumps and learnings for the PL200 to succeed this certificate yeah then I will hand over to. Sergey thank you Dominic My week the first item test and production solution deployment it was went like charm this was the easiest part of my week release three tickets I have done the one ticket only and I also in progress with another ticket because it takes time longer than I thought before because we have to discuss with a customer possible solutions and to be honest this week is very how to say intensive complicated for me because I worked on many items simultaneously so this. This item is not completed Next one find a solution for entity self auto triggering issue. I have produced a solution for the customer and we also are in discussion I I explained how we can resolve it and they took a time out to discuss it internally. I wait for the decision support on request and pin a get ticket I have completed this ticket for for Royston and also I I worked on the FPM SAP integration for Fabi because we've migrated from one solution to another one and it takes much time to resolve all the issues of the bugs I bring during the immigration but hopefully we resolved it because before Fabi has his revocation I'm the best this week. I don't have any updates on my crafts because honestly I I feel myself like a hamster in a will this week completely like tight knot and that's why don't. That's why I don't have news regarding that but I will I want to go back to our yesterday event that was very nice and this was my new experience. I'm happy that I had this lesson of driving. And. That'S why I'm the best this week. Christian, your turn. Yep. Thank you. Okay. Licht Lick three tickets open issues resolved done I guess even saved the deployment from just failing FST the Azure function finished not quite yet 90% maybe 95 I'm not sure but not yet completely done. Lupus Alpha task creation issue I investigated I did not find anything. I just said them hey, maybe it's a user error they never came back to me so. Oh no. And for FBM the opportunity forecasting to overhaul the code I started and then yeah this weird you have to work on a on a remote machine Segi you know the pains I did not get any more time in and for the PL203 to 5 hours per plant I got two in happy to even have those two but yeah the best this week I got stuff done and on last Sunday we had a lunar eclipse and I took some photos maybe when I just put one photo in the chat and now it's too big I did a little montage so some of you want to have a new wallpaper. Nice photo. Yep. Okay. So that was my week and next to me is Royston. Yep. Thank you. So my tasks from Casino so the starting with the production testing Was postponed for next week because of some pending tasks in the test environment. However, we did the remaining tests for the forms on the test environment and also some bounce bounce data flows. So I think so from the next week we will be dedicating the next two weeks for the prod Regarding Lisp mobility. These tasks are done. I also have finished two new tasks that were given ad hoc and yeah, there's mainly nothing much this week in terms of new sprints. So that probably will come up next week. Finn, continue with customer voice use case that is completed thanks to Sergey. Also successfully tested with client on Thursday. Have some improvements, but nothing regarding development for you Sergey. It's just customizations for my set. Yeah, PL200 Prep 4 is not done. Seriously need to really block that and take that, you know, start doing that from next week. Addition to that I had some tasks for handing over tasks for gats. Oh, I think so. We have. I've completed all the handovers. Also had some technical meetings yesterday for the new with the new project team there and yeah, mainly that was it. I'm the best this week. I'm happy that I had good progress with the Pinagi customer voice issues. I have learned much more from what I've understood and you know, got to do a lot of workarounds which are working. Thankfully. The other reason is this week was not that easy mentally for me, as some of you would have known that. Yeah, I had my grandmother passed away this Tuesday, so coming back to work was a little difficult. But I kept telling myself that life goes on, we have to to the things that we have to do. So yeah, that way I consider it was. Yeah, I was positive enough to come back the next day and start with my tasks. That's all. Thank you. Fabian. Fabian is on leave. Sergey, if you don't know, he's fighting. So for around 10 days leave. He'll come 23rd of this month back to office. I know, but I thought he has vocation next week. He went from. Yeah, he's off from today. Yesterday evening his flight went. So he's no longer in the country. He fled the country. He fled the country. Oh, Sally is here. I have to. To be careful what I say. Listen, your photo is amazing. This is my domain. I like this stuff very much. Impressive stuff. Nice. Yeah. Cool. What's planned then guys for the weekend? Anything special? Not really nothing special, but I want to continue my work on my project. Nice. Domino's project. Nobody can can know about until you're finished. Yeah, basically. Basically Roy already knows. But It's a secret. It's a secret. I don't remember. He forgot everything. Yeah. Nothing new happening? I think so in Mannheim. I. I found out a nice website where you can find out all the events happening in your city. It's called Rauskegangan Dea and. Pretty cool. I sent you an event. Just share it please. So you can select your city, for example, I say network. Yeah. And it will. It will at least give you what's. What are the events for the day and also everything around Mannheim. So it's like markets, stand ups, comedy going on, music, secondhand thrift stores, theater. So. Very nice. Oh, nice, nice, nice. I also sent you a link on a concert on Sunday. This Sunday. Okay. Yeah, I'll check it out. Yeah, I'll share the link. I'm not sure that's there in small, smaller towns, but yeah, main towns should be there. All right, cool. How did you do this, Christian? It's like a time lapse, right? Kind of. So there are many. Four different images. And I just stitched them together. But the camera was in one place and I just waited for the moon to go on. Okay. I just sat on some. I don't know, on support. And you just tripod. Yeah. Okay. And then just waited. Looks. We had a very nice. We had a wonderful plan. The location where we set to look at this blood moon, it was just like. Okay, technically the moon should rise just behind the castle. It would have been so nice. And then time came. No moon. The. The air was so kind of dizzy. It took like half an hour later and way higher in the. In the sky when someone said, hey, it's there. We did not Would. Did not find it before. But then came out and everything was fine. Where's the moon? Where's the moon? Oh, there's the moon. Yeah. Yeah. The. The first images, you couldn't barely even make it to see them. Yeah. It was not that red as it was meant to be. Maybe when it was the high point here, it was just too dizzy. You. You could not see anything. Right, Right. In clearer nights it would. Would have been better. But next time is 2028, I guess. Yeah. Oh, okay. For the next. What did we say? Solar eclipse. That you can see. It's 2081, so that takes some time. Yeah. Okay, cool. All right. Okay. Anything else, guys? I have a meeting at 4:30, so I will leave for it. Have a nice weekend. Have a nice weekend. See you. Take care of yourself. See you guys. Bye. Bye, Sam. Satan.